docs: Update Gauges adding why, how with data reqs and images (#92451)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/gauge/index.md

# Gauge

> Gauges are single-value visualizations that allow you to quickly visualize where a value falls within a defined or calculated min and max range. With repeat options, you can display multiple gauges, each corresponding to a different series, column, or row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gauges are single-value visualizations that allow you to quickly visualize where a value falls within a defined or calculated minimum to maximum range. With repeat options, you can display multiple gauges, each corresponding to a different series, column, or row.
```

# Gauge

> Gauges are single-value visualizations that allow you to show where a value falls within a defined range. You can use the visualization to display one or more gauges, each corresponding to a different series, column, or row, with the values bound by minimum and maximum thresholds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gauges are single-value visualizations that allow you to quickly visualize where a value falls within a defined or calculated min and max range. With repeat options, you can display multiple gauges, each corresponding to a different series, column, or row.
```

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v66/gauge_panel_cover.png" max-width="1025px" alt="A gauge visualization">}}

You can use gauges if you need to track:

> - Service level objectives (SLOs)
> - How full your gas tank is
> - How fast a vehicle is moving inside the engine speeds limits
> - Body temperature
> - CPU consumption (0-100%)
> - RAM availability

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Service level objectives (SLOs)
- How full a piece of equipment is
- How fast a vehicle is moving within a set of limits
- Network latency
- Equipment state with setpoint and alarm thresholds
- CPU consumption (0-100%)
- RAM availability
```

{{< docs/shared lookup="visualizations/thresholds-options-2.md" source="grafana" version="<GRAFANA_VERSION>" >}}

> Last, gauge colors and thresholds (the lines outside the circles) of the gauge can be configured as described above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Last, gauge colors and thresholds (the outer bar markers) of the gauge can be configured as described above.
```

Changed to use the same language as the options menu.
